" Good morning and welcome to State Street Corporations, first quarter 2024 earnings conference call and webcast. Today's discussion is being broadcast live on State Street's web sites at investors.state.com. This conference call is also being recorded for replay. State Street's conference call is copyrighted and all rights are reserved. This call may not be recorded or re-broadcast or distribution in whole or in part without the expressed written authorization from State Street Corporation. The only authorized broadcast of this call will be housed on the State Street website. Now I would like to introduce Irene Chizelle-Biller, global head of investor relations at State Street. Please go ahead. Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. On our call today our CEO, Rano Hanley, will speak first. An Eric Abel of our CFO will take you through our first quarter 2024 earnings slide presentation, which is available for download in the investor relations section of our website, investors.state.state.com. Afterwards we'll be happy to take questions. In the Q&A please limit yourself to two questions and then we queue. Before we get started I would like to remind you that today's presentation will include results presented on a basis that excludes or just one or more items from GAP. Reconciliation of these non-GAP measures to the most directly comparable GAP or regulatory measure are available in the appendix to our slide presentation, also available in the IR section of our website. In addition today's presentation will contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those statements due to a variety of important factors such as those factors referenced in our discussion today and in our FCC filing, including the risk factors in our form 10K. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of today and we display any obligation to update them, even if our needs change. Now let me turn it over to Ron. Thank you, Ileane and good morning everyone. Earlier today we released our first quarter finance results. We had a strong start to the year with our results demonstrating the breadth of our client franchise, the efficacy of our strategy and our focus on execution. We reported both the and total revenue growth, all while continuing to invest meaningfully in our business and controlling underlying expenses. Excluding notable items we delivered both positive the and total operating leverage, as well as solid EPS growth in Q1 relative to the year ago period. The first quarter was an important milestone. We have detailed our strategic priorities for 2024, including the growth initiatives we are undertaking across each of our business areas as we continue to both invest in our capabilities and also target further productivity gains. Guided by our purpose to help create better outcomes for the world's investors and the people they serve, our four strategic priorities are aimed at continuing to extend our competitive advantage while delivering positive the operating leverage, excluding notable items in 2024. These 2024 priorities are growing the revenue, extending our leadership at our markets in financing and global advisors' franchises, enhancing and optimizing our operating model, and continuing to differentiate our business through innovative client solutions and technology lead capabilities to support business growth. We remain intensely focused on executing against these strategic priorities, particularly in a dynamic operating environment in which financial market expectations continue to change significantly. For example, as inflation remains elevated and economic data continued to be robust, investors push back their expectations for the timing of central bank rate cuts and treasury yields increased during the first quarter. Despite this, global equity markets performed strongly in volatility remained muted, with many indices setting records as fears of a hard economic landing exceeded and optimism surrounding the potential economic benefit from artificial intelligence continued in Q1. Turning to slide three of our investor presentation, I will review our first quarter highlights before Eric takes you through the quarter and more detail. Beginning with our financial performance, 2024 started strongly. Year over year, we produce both positive fee and total operating leverage, as well as good EPS growth, excluding notable items. First quarter EPS was 137 or 169, excluding a notable item related to the increase to the FDIC Specialance Assessment. Underlying year over year, EPS growth was supported by total fee revenue growth and continued common share repurchases, which more than offset the impact of lower NII on total revenue. Underlying expenses continued to be well controlled, supported by our ongoing productivity efforts, with first quarter expenses increasing just 1% year over year, excluding notable items, even as we have increased the level of investments in our business. Turning to our business momentum, which you can see on the middle of the slide, we continue to make progress across our client franchise in generating better fee revenue growth. Within asset services, AUCA increased to a record 43.9 trillion. We generated asset servicing AUCA wins of 474 billion and Q1, supported by key wins in both North America and Europe. Servicing fee revenue wins totaled 67 million. After hitting our full year sales target of 300 million in 2023, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our increased servicing fee revenue sales go of 350 to 400 million in 2024. Our priority to grow fee revenue this year is underpinned by a strategy of leading with service excellence and driving stronger back-off of sales, differentiating with our state speed alpha and private markets platforms. Our two new alpha mandate wins this quarter demonstrate our ability to execute on this strategy while also showcasing the clear competitive advantage and differentiation that alpha creates for our business. For example, both alpha mandate wins this quarter include back-off of services which can install quickly, allowing us to realize revenue faster. Further, one mandate is our second alpha for private markets win, a key growth area for us. Encouragingly, both of these alpha wins were takeaways from a key competitor with one of the wins having no existing services with state street prior to becoming an alpha client and the other a shared client that will now consolidate back-off of state street. Within markets and financing, even as low FX volatility created a headwind for the industry in the first quarter, we attracted higher FX client volumes, both at quenchally in year over year, supported by our market leading and wide-ranging FX trading solutions. In FX, we were pleased to see higher client volumes in the 8% Q over Q fee revenue growth. We also expanded our markets franchise. With an outsourced trading, we continued to expand our product capabilities and geographical reach, completing the acquisition of CF global trading in Q1. Global advisors perform well, buoyed by higher equity markets, the strategic actions we have taken to position our asset management business for growth, and the benefits of the strong finish in step off point at year end 2023. One Q 2024 management fees of 510 million are the highest since the first quarter of 2022. While GA experienced total aggregate outflows in Q1, this was driven by the impact of a large but expected single-client redemption within the institutional business. We saw continued momentum in the divine contribution business driven by our target-day franchise. Encouragingly, we saw cash net inflows of 9 billion in a quarter, the fourth consecutive quarter of positive net inflows of our cash business. ETF AUM reached a record 1.4 trillion a quarter end with GA continuing to gather net inflows and expand market share within US low-cost ETFs. Now let me spend a moment on our continuing productivity efforts. We have a detailed set of initiatives across our business aimed at creating cost efficiencies and lasting productivity improvements. Regarding our ongoing operating model transformation, which forms an important part of these productivity initiatives, as you know, we are streamlining our operating model in India, and last quarter we consolidated our first operations joint venture in the country. I am pleased to note that consolidation of our second operations joint venture in India closed on April 1. Combine, these two consolidations will propel the continued end-to-end transformation of our global operations and enable state state to unlock productivity savings in the years ahead as we simplify our operating model. Before I conclude my opening remarks, I would like to touch on our continuing balance sheet strength. Total capital return amounts to 308 million in the first quarter, consisting of common shared dividends and share repurchases. I would highlight that we have returned a substantial amount of capital to our shareholders in recent quarters, with total capital return over the last six quarters equivalent to almost 30% of state trees total market capital quarter end. As we pivot to a more normalized level of capital return this year, as we have outlined previously, it remains our intention to return approximately 100% of earnings in 2024 in the form of common shared dividends and share repurchases subject to market conditions and other factors. To conclude, we have delivered a strong start to the year as demonstrated by both sequential and euro-by-year total fee revenue growth and encouraging business wins, strong underlying expense discipline, and continued capital return. As we look ahead, we remain highly focused on the execution of a set of clear strategic priorities for 2024. These strategic priorities are backed by detailed action plans aimed at driving growth across each of our business areas. Underpinning this execution as a set of business investments paired with a comprehensive set of productivity initiatives aimed at driving longer-term improvements in our operating model efficiency and effectiveness and generating positive fee operating leverage in 2024. Now let me hand the call over to Eric who will take you through the quarter and more detail. Thank you, Ron, and good morning everyone. Turning this slide for, I'll begin my review of our first quarter financial results, which included a 32 cent DPS impact from an additional FDIC special assessment as described within the notable items table on the right of the slide. As Ron noted, we produced a strong start to the year. On the left panel, you can see that total fee revenue was up both sequentially and year on year. Related to the year ago period, we delivered robust management fee growth, higher front office software and data revenue, and servicing fee growth while underlying expenses were well controlled. As I mentioned during the first quarter, we recorded provision for credit losses of 27 million largely due to two CRE names. All told, we generated both positive total and fee operating leverage relative to the year ago, excluding notable items. We also delivered solid year-on-year EPS growth of 11 percent, excluding notable items, which was supported by the continuation of our share buybacks in the first quarter. Turning now to slide five, we saw period and AUCA increased by 17 percent on a year-on-year basis and 5 percent sequentially to a record level. Year-on-year, the increase in AUCA was largely driven by higher period and market levels, net new business and client flows. I would note that we have seen a mixed shift into cash and cash equivalence worth an estimated 1 to 2 percentage points of total AUCA versus a year ago. Quarter on quarter, AUCA increased primarily due to higher period and market levels and client flows. At global advisors, period and AUM also increased to a record level, up 20 percent year-on-year, largely reflecting higher period and market levels and net inflows, and up 5 percent sequentially primarily due to higher period and market levels. At the right center of the slide, the market volatility indices provide a useful indicator of client transnational activity that drives servicing fees, spreads and effects trading, and specials activity in agency lending. Turning to slide six, on the left side of the page, you'll see first quarter total servicing fees up 1 percent year-on-year, primarily from higher average market levels, partially all set by pricing headwinds, a previously disclosed client transition, and lower client activity and adjustments, including changes in certain client asset mix into lower earning cash and cash equivalence. In addition, the pace of installation started slower than we expected in the first quarter. Let me dimension some of these items for you. As I've told you before, the impact of the previously disclosed client transition was a headwind of approximately two percentage points to year-on-year growth. In addition, lower client activity and adjustments, including the client asset mix shift to cash, was also a headwind of approximately two percentage points to year-on-year growth this quarter, some of which we believe is cyclical. Sequentially total servicing fees were up 1 percent, primarily as a result of higher average market levels, partially all set by lower client activity and adjustments, including the changes to certain asset mix and pricing headwinds. On the bottom of the slide, we summarize some of the key performance indicators of our servicing business. In the first quarter, we generated 67 million of servicing fee wins, nicely spread across both North America and Europe. As you recall, solid sales in North America like this was one of the goals that we had described at a conference last fall. In addition, we had 291 million of servicing fee revenue to be installed at quarter end, up 71 million year-on-year and 21 million quarter-on-quarter. We also had 2.6 trillion of AUCA to be installed at period end. Turning now to slide 7, first quarter management fees were up 12 percent year-on-year, primarily reflecting higher average market levels and net inflows from the prior periods, partially all set by the impacts of the strategic ETF product suite repricing initiative. Related to the prior quarter, management fees were up 6 percent due to similar reasons, partially offset by lower performance fees. As you can see on the bottom right of the slide, following record inflows in 4Q23, our investment management franchise remains well-positioned with momentum across each of its businesses. In ETFs, the overall flows were relatively flat in first quarter. Our spider portfolio, US low-cost suite achieved continued market share gains, driven by net inflows of 13 billion. In our institutional business, we saw first quarter net outflows of 19 billion, primarily driven by a single client. That said, we saw continuing momentum in the US to find contribution area with record AUM of approximately 730 billion. Lastly, in our cash franchise, we saw first quarter net inflows of 9 billion, the fourth consecutive quarter of positive net flows into cash. Turning out to slide 8, first quarter FX trading services revenue was down 3 percent year on year, but up 8 percent sequentially. Related to the year ago period, the decreases was mainly due to lower spreads associated with subdued FX volatility, partially offset by higher volumes of client and gain increase across nearly all of our FX venues. Quarter on quarter, the 8 percent revenue increase primarily reflects higher volumes, with particular strengths in our EM business, as well as higher direct FX spreads. First quarter securities finance revenues were down 12 percent year on year, mainly due to lower agency balances and lower spreads, primarily associated with significantly lower industry specials activity. On a quarter on quarter basis, we have seen agency lending balances up as demand is rising. Software and processing fees were up 25 percent year on year and Q1, more clearly driven by higher revenues associated with CRD, which I'll discuss in more detail shortly. Quarter on quarter, software and processing fees declined 13 percent, primarily due to our lower on-premise renewals, partially offset by higher lending related fees. Finally, other fee revenue for the quarter increased 5 million year on year, sequentially other fee revenue increased 17 million, largely driven by an episodic currency devaluation in the prior quarter, which did not recur. Moving to slide 9, you'll see on the left panel that first quarter for an office software and data revenue increased 32 percent year on year, primarily as a result of continued SaaS implementations and conversions driving higher professional services and software enabled revenue growth. Sequentially, for an office software and data revenue was down 20 percent, primarily driven by lower on-premise renewals and installations. Turning to some of the alpha business metrics on the right panel, we were pleased to report two additional alpha wins, including our second alpha for private markets mandate. In addition, three mandates went live in the first quarter, bringing the total number of live mandates to 21. First quarter, ARR increased 19 percent year on year, driven by over 20 SaaS client implementations and conversions over the last year. Turning to slide 10, first quarter NII decreased 7 percent year on year, but increased 6 percent sequentially to 716 million. The year on year decreased was largely due to deposit makeshift and lower average non-interest bearing deposit balances, partially offset by the impact of higher average interest rates, client lending growth and investment portfolio positions. We were pleased to report a sequential increase in NII, which was primarily driven by higher investment securities yields, an increase in average interest bearing deposits and loan growth partially offset by the decline in average on interest bearing deposits. The NII results on a sequential quarter basis were better than we had previously expected, primarily driven by strength in both interest bearing and non-interest bearing deposit balances towards the end of the quarter. While it is difficult to forecast the path of deposits in the current environment, we're pleased with the success that we're having in engaging our clients. On the right of the slide, we provide highlights from our average balance feature in the first quarter. Average deposits increased 4 percent year on year and 6 percent quarter on quarter, mainly driven by client balance growth across the interest bearing deposits stack partially offset by reduction in non-interest bearing deposits. Average non-interest non-interest bearing deposits decreased by less than 3 billion quarter on quarter. Cummler, US dollar, climbed deposit betas for 80 percent since the start of the current rate cycle with cumulator-formed currency betas for the same period continued to be lower in the 30 to 60 percent range depending on currency. Turning to slide 11, first quarter expenses, excluding notable items, increased barely 1 percent year on year as we both invested more to fuel fee growth and increased the size of our productivity and optimization savings efforts by more than 50 percent. On a line-by-line basis, excluding notable items, on a year-on-year basis, compensation employed benefits decreased 3 percent, primarily driven by lower incentive compensation salaries as well as a decline in contractor spend that was partially driven by the consolidation of one of our operations joint ventures in India. Information systems and communications expenses increased 4 percent mainly due to higher technology and infrastructure investments partially offset by the optimization savings and vendor savings initiatives. Transaction processing increased 4 percent mainly reflecting higher broker fees due to increased global market volumes. Occupancy increased 10 percent partially due the real estate cost associated with the consolidation of the joint venture in India which used the form part of the contractor cost within compensation benefits partially offset by foot print optimization and other expenses increased 5 percent largely due to the timing of foundation funding. Lastly, I'll spend a moment on our transformation efforts. If you recall, consolidating the first operations joint venture last October increased our FTE headcount as we ensourced those capabilities. However, it also came with an expected financial benefit, excluding integration costs of $20 million over the course of the year. As Ron mentioned, the consolidation of our second operations joint venture in India closed in April 1st and this will also come with an increase in additional headcount from 2Q as well as expected financial benefits. The consolidation of these two joint ventures will be a catalyst for the next phase of state street's global operations transformation and enable us to create a second wave of service improvements and productivity savings next year. Moving to slide 12. On the left side of the slide, we detail the evolution of our CET1 and tier 1 leverage ratios followed by our capital trends on the right of this slide. As you can see, our capital levels remain well above the regulatory minimums. What we continue to focus on optimizing our capital stack, the strength of our capital position enables us to extend our balance sheet to support our clients. As of quarter end, our standardized CET1 ratio of 11.1 percent was down approximately 50 basis points quarter and quarter, largely driven by the expected normalization of RWA. The LCR for state street corporation was a healthy 107 percent and 130 percent of state street bank and trust. Our exceptionally strong liquidity metrics benefit from the deep and diverse financial funding base and active balance sheet management. In the quarter, we were pleased to return 308 million to shareholders consisting 100 million of common share repurchases and 208 million in declared common stock dividends. As run noted, we continue to expect to return around the 100 percent of earnings to shareholders this year. In summary, we're quite pleased with a quarter. We have a clear strategy for growth, a detailed set of priorities that we are executing against in order to drive continued positive boat business momentum and expected deliver increased fee operating leverage this year, excluding notable items. Finally, let me cover our full year and second quarter outlook, which I would highlight continues to have the potential for variability given the macro environment we're operating in. In terms of our current assumptions, as we stand here today, we are assuming global equity markets flat to first quarter end for the remainder of the year, which implies daily averages up 5 percent quarter and quarter and 2Q and up around 17 percent for the full year. Our rate outlook broadly aligns with the current forward curve, which I would note continues to move, while we expect FX market volatility will remain muted. Given our strong start to the year and higher average market levels, we think total fee revenue for the full year will now be at the higher end of our prior guide of up 3 to 4 percent year on year, so up a solid 4 percent, which is better than our previous outlook. There are, however, episodic and industry headwinds impacting our servicing business this year, including a previously disclosed client transition, and the impact of client activity and adjustments, which includes the client asset makeshift into lower earning cash and cash equivalents. We believe some of these factors are cyclical in nature, and we expect to offset a portion with higher sales and additional management actions this year. Turning to NII, as a result of our first quarter out performance, strong deposit growth and the improved interest rate outlook, we now expect full year NII will be down approximately 5 percent year on year, which is better than our previous guide of down approximately 11 percent. On expenses, we expect full year expenses X-notables will be roughly in line with our prior guide of up about 2.5 percent, but with the potential for some additional revenue-related costs this year. Given our improved outlook, we now expect to deliver additional positive fee operating leverage for the full year excluding notable items. Finally, turning to 2Q on a quarter on quarter basis and excluding notable items, we would expect total fee revenue to be up 1.5 to 2 percent, and II to be down 2 percent to down 5 percent, and expenses up about 2 to 2.5 percent, excluding the seasonal compensation expenses in one Q in notable items. We think the provisions for credit losses could be in the 15th, 25 million range in 2Q, and we would expect to have a better view on that later in the quarter as we continue to monitor our portfolio. Lastly, we expect 2Q to be up approximately 22 percent. And with that, let me hand the call back to Ron. Operator, we can now open the call for questions. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star followed by one on your touch-tone phone. You will then hear a three-tone prompt acknowledging your request. And if you would like to withdraw from the question of Q, please press star followed by two. And if you're using your speaker phone, we ask that you please list the handsets before pressing any keys. Please go ahead and press star one now. If you do have any questions. And your first question will be from Brennan-Hawken at UBS. Please go ahead. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Eric, you're a bit of guide, so to suggest that an II, you guys expected pull back a little bit here from this strong result here in the first quarter. But one of the things that I noticed was repo was particularly robust in the quarter. You know, could you give a little color around what drove that strength and how sustainable it is and is some of that normalization embedded in your outlook? Thanks. Brennan, it's Eric. You know, there are a number of factors that drove the UPSWing and an II into a first quarter. The bulk of that was actually deposit balances coming in stronger than we had expected, both on the interest bearing side across the stack and non-interest bearing as well. You know, that made up for the $30 million uptick in terms of our results relative to our expectation. The repo balances did tick up as well. They were a small part, but worth an II terms, about a percentage point of more in II than we had expected. And I think what we're seeing is that as the conditions in the economy continue to evolve, you know, clients are holding more cash on their balance sheets or then putting that into a variety of different instruments. Sometimes it's on deposits, sometimes it's on sweeps, and sometimes it's in repo. And that's also been, in particular, on the repo side, been aided a bit by the reduction in the Fed's overnight repo operation. So, it's really a mix of factors that we're seeing, which together though are driving a better II performance, which we're pleased with. Yeah, yeah, great. Thank you. You also quantified the impact of the BlackRock transition. So, thanks for that. It does seem as though maybe that impact is a little larger than your prior expectation. Do I have the right read on that, and maybe could you give us an update on where we stand as far as the ongoing impact goes? For Brenn, it's Eric again. The previously announced client transition that we had reference is in line in terms of amounts that we had expected. If you recall, we had said it be worth about two percentage points of servicing fees this year, which is about a percentage point of total fees. And remember, if you go back to our original disclosure of the last couple years, we had described the total amount to be worth about two percentage points of total fees. And we're seeing about half of that come through on a year-on-year basis this quarter and for this year. And so, you know, in line, fully in line with what we had previously described. Okay, thanks for taking my questions. Thank you. Next question will be from Blanchor at Evercore. Please go ahead. Hello there. One quick you follow up on the NII stuff and thank you for all the details. The bounce is coming in a march. I know these things are really hard to predict, but is something happening with the client discussions and the overall profitability management? In fact, might give you confidence that those bounces stick or should we think of this as, you know, rates are higher, parking bounces with a safe custodian? When we've been heavily engaged with our clients over the last year, I'd say, a year and a half, as we've seen, you know, quite a shift in the interest environment and the evolution of deposits in the banking system. I'd answer your question at a couple different levels. I think first, going into this year, we had expected total client deposit balances in the 200 to 210 billion. And we now see that in the 210 to 220 billion for this quarter and to be honest, we expect that we continue at around that level. And a lot of that is both the engagement that we've had with clients. They all have cash and we certainly encourage them to bring it to us. And part of that is the way we think about client relationships, client profitability, the client services that we can offer. And so I think some of what you're seeing here in the higher aggregate levels of deposits is due to our management action. You know, I think in addition to that, there do tend to be somewhat higher deposits in the banking system. So the tide has been gently rising, very gently. And that's been helpful. And we expect that to be relatively neutral going forward, but we'll obviously need to see based on the actions, the various actions that they've said and how they evolve. Very cool. Appreciate that. One quick, you can comment on the specifics, but I'm more talking the big picture. You were named in some sort of potential interest in some private credit manager. I'm more talking big picture of where theoretically that might fit in. And just I like the better flows on CNS, SGA, but strategically what are you focused on in terms of continuing growth across that franchise? Yes, Len, it's Ron. So we've tried to be quite clear about what we're doing over at SGA. I mean, first is around continuing to grow the ETF franchise. As you know, our legacy strength is in the institutional business where we continue to be quite strong. And we've focused a lot over the last several years on growing the low cost ETF franchise, which tends to find its ways and to retail portfolios through intermediaries. That led to the repricing initiative that we did last year, which in retrospect is proven to be quite a smart move because the market shares gone up and those portfolios and the movies are buying hold investors. So ETFs would be one, then we continue to grow the active space, typically with working with very close partners of ours. And we see a lot of runway inactive. And then finally, fixed income, particularly out. We have a strong fixed income offering here in the US. And we built it out quite a bit in the last couple of years in Europe. And you're seeing lots of strength in the ETF ecosystem in Europe. Second area of growth is really trying to leverage the institutional client base because its legacy is the passive index business. If we have an institutional relationship, we tend to be the number one or number two manager on their platform. That gives you a seat at the table and we believe it gives us an ability to potentially distribute other kinds of products and services. So that's where a lot of our focus is now on the institutional business. And then finally, continuing to deepen, we have a global franchise, but there's areas that we can deepen it more. You've heard us talk about Europe and we're focused just as much on Asia Pacific as those markets continue to grow and we're able to leverage the positions we have. But really focusing on deepening is supposed to broadening your graphic range. So that in much of how we're thinking about it and we're pleased with how it's playing out. I appreciate that, Ron. Thanks. Thank you. Next question will be from Ken Hussin at Jeffries. Please go ahead. Please go ahead, Ken. Your line is open. Could you please unmute? No response. Moving on to Alex Blasstein at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hey, good morning everybody. Thanks. Another one for NII. I guess good quarter, good guide for the second quarter as well. And that's sort of elevating your full year and I got it's also. But similarly, I guess to kind of what we saw in your guidance last quarter, the back of the year seems to have a pretty meaningful drop off for the tune of maybe 100 million bucks or so versus the quarter they run rate. Eric, give in your comments and deposits being stable and higher rates are kind of R-O-L-A-R. You still get into benefit of repricing on the security portfolio. What sort of informs this sort of decline in NII towards the back of the year? Alex, it's Eric. We're going to continue to see some of the trends that we have been seeing and it's just the matter of how the various pieces partially or fully offset each other over time. We're going to continue to see a tailwind from the level of rates at least given the current forward curve because that plays through the investment portfolio and gives us a tailwind as does some continued growth in lending. The headline that we've been navigating through which I would describe comes in steps and sometimes it's a step down, sometimes half a step back up is around the deposit levels across the interest-bearing stack where we're just seeing deposits I think at nice levels to be honest. While we continue to see the grind down of non-interest-bearing deposits and we do expect another quarter of that, the non-interest-bearing deposits to trend down and then to flat-now in the second half of the year. I think so you'll see those trends continue. I think we'll see where we come out but if you take our guide together we expect a modest step down into the second quarter and then we see a leveling off in the third and fourth quarter of our NII. I think in the past we've talked about being in a range of 500 to 600 million a quarter. We're now seeing and expect to be comfortably above the 600 million dollar per quarter range but those factors as headwinds and tailwinds that will play through that will kind of dictate exactly where we come out. But I think as I said earlier the level of client engagement that we've had in terms of putting deposits with us, putting deposits at different price points with us. Some of those are the core transactional deposits that need to support custody accounts and some of those are the discretionary amount of deposits. It's been a real priority for the franchise and I think one that we've shown some good success in and that's really creating I think this better expectation than we had earlier. Signaled at the beginning of the year and one that we think will endure and then provide the stability and over time upside in the NII in the coming years. Great, that's helpful. My second question is around expenses. You talked about how consolidation of the GV, I guess it took place recently in April here, will create a new wave of optimization for next year. If I got that right can you just outline what that could mean in terms of incremental either region hearing benefits or cost benefits or you want to frame that and what that means for maybe the overall expense girls with the franchise and now you're holding the line. This year really well but is there an opportunity to continue that into 2025 as well? Thanks. Alex, it's right here. I think it's good to focus on what we said here because we've talked to you and your colleagues just about ongoing productivity improvement. We've been at it for years and we do believe this unlocks a potential but a new wave of productivity growth and why is that? Well firstly almost by definition if you're taking these ventures on you're eliminating the margin that was in it. That was in our expenses. Now comes out right so you've got that as a near immediate tailwind but more importantly and more important to the long term is that we can really complete and take advantage of true end-to-end process improvement and simplification. We had created the JVs which go back to the early days of our off-shoring journey. We've created a lot of complication. Unintentionally we created a lot of complication. This enables us to get it that the work has already started. Our operations folks are spending a lot of time in India there. They've done some recent hiring and brought on some great leads there. If you think about the importance of India to our operations and the amount of work that passes through there between this end-to-end simplification this ability to eliminate checkers of checkers of checkers and all those kinds of things we see an enormous amount of opportunity to improve. Then finally as we continue our technology investment a lot of that will be directed there. It'll be directed at some of the things that in the past you would have said well let's take advantage of labor arbitrage and now the technology is at a cost level where we can simply eliminate the labor and not have particularly for some of these repetitive kinds of tasks between machines and other kinds of AI that you can use to replace labor. You end up then with a lower labor cost but more importantly you've got job content that's very attractive to people and people want to make careers here as opposed to feeling like they're stuck in this debt and repetitive task. So we are very optimistic about this. Great, thanks so much. Thank you. Next question will be from Brian Vidal at Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Great, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. To the precious confirmation on the the guidance you gave Eric on the QQ for your revenue up 1 to 2% and II down 2 to 5% expenses up to 2 to 2 and a half percent is is that sequential for revenue and year of year for expenses? No it was sequential for for every one of those as you as you look forward. So it was all on a one Q to 2Q basis. Okay, so then going back to the NII guide I think you you also said you know down 2 to 2 to 5% versus the 716 in 2Q and then did you say down again in 3Q and then flattening out or flattening out in 3Q? What I described is a flatter second half of the year and so you know there are different paths here to be honest and it really will just depend on the level of deposits, the level of interest rates, just how the the the pale of some of the client deposit repricings that we've described come through or the back end of those. So I gave some you know a high level view but Brian I think there's a range of scenarios what we do have some confidence in is the expectation that an aggregate NII will be down 5% from a full year basis and that's quite a bit better than the down 10% that we had previously guided towards. Right yeah if I just if I use the flatish assumption I'm more like flat for the year on that cadence but this is that with that these sort of a as you said a range but a flat NII outcome year over year would be at the better end of your range or is that sort of really difficult to choose. No let me let me let me try to clarify we expect total NII to be down 5% on a year on your basis for the full year. What I did say is that we expect NII to be in 3Q and 4Q to be roughly the same to be flatish between those two quarters and so you know now the question is exactly how much does it come down in second quarter and then from second quarter into the combination of third and fourth quarter how much does that come down and there there's a range of different scenarios I think you know you could you could foresee but the reason we're trying not to overspec the exact quarter by quarter by quarter by quarter expectation is there's just underlying volatility out there in the kind of macroeconomic conditions in the risk on risk off sentiment in the central banks actions right and then in our client deposit levels and so hopefully that gives you enough context to go on. That's super helpful and then maybe just on the private markets when it's not like momentum is improving there maybe you can just talk about you know to what your pipeline is looking like in private markets alpha and kind of your expectations over the next 22 years. Yeah Brian it's Ron I mean we've talked about the of private businesses being a you know a double digit growth business we stand by that we see lots of potential growth private markets alpha developing nicely for us largely for some of this for many of the same reasons that alpha itself has it's an opportunity as these firms become more complex have complex operating and technology stacks it's a way to not just lower some costs but improve operations and future profit operations so it's developing well so we remain optimistic about it. Great thank you. Thank you next question will be from David Smith at autonomous research please go ahead. Good morning could you talk a little bit more about your capital capital priority today your payout ratio in in the first quarter was you know somewhat below your 100% full year target. David it's Eric we gave guidance at the beginning of the year on a full year basis purposely right because you know each quarter there's going to be a different set of variables as we as we you know navigate through so we described capital return in aggregate to be around total earnings for the year and we reaffirm that in our prepared remarks if you then go into the specifics of the first quarter remember we had expected a normalization of the lower than than than usual RWA that came through in the fourth quarter some of that's just market factors playing through on the FX book some of that is equity markets up ticking in the agency and security's financing space and some of it to be honest is just putting capital to work with our clients where we're engaging with them and that's driving some of the fee revenue growth that you saw at the same time you know our priority is to get capital back to shareholders we continue our our dividend at pace as you'd expect we had some buybacks this this quarter if you do the math you know that buyback activity will increase going forward for the for the next few quarters we also had the you know the the the the new information about the FDIC assessment and so we had to accrue for that expense instead of returning capital to shareholders for this particular quarter so anyway just a way to describe we're we're on track with our priority and to be honest our commitment to get capital back to shareholders in line with with earnings this year and it'll just you know recorders a little bit different but I think you'll see that accelerate into the into the second quarter thank you and I think you gave the tax rate for the second quarter are you still expecting twenty one to twenty two percent for the full year I think I need to quickly go back to the the January remarks but we did not update those and so I think that's that's a good place a good estimate to to use for the full year the one that you had back on the January call yeah that's correct okay and just one last cleanup the the preferred dividends I'll still be elevated in the fifty to fifty five million range in the second quarter but then it'll be kind of more like forty million in the second half of the year yeah yeah that's correct we're just kind of moving through this this past quarter one and quarter two between the redemption the issuance and redemption and then the literally the the the tactical timing of some of the dividends you've got it right there's one more quarter of elevation in the fifty to fifty five million range next next quarter meaning second quarter and then it'll run at about forty a quarter from third quarter onwards thank you thank you next question will be from Mike Mayo at Wells Fargo please go ahead hi can you hear me we can can you talk about a relationship between stock markets and revenues used to have like for every every 10 percent chain the SD 500 it impacts your services fees by X amount if you remind us the better you say and how much of a lag there is with that and along with that I guess your two-year guy and friend ii said it being down 10 to down 5 what exactly change what kind of month is all yeah Mike it's Eric let me let me answer those in in reverse order on n i i what happened in the in the first quarter was really hired deposit balances across the interest-bearing stack and even relatives are expectations on non-interest bearing in March so that change in a positive way created an uplift into the first quarter that that we had not expected the last time we gave full-year guidance on an ii was back in January when we expected it to be down on a full-year basis 10 percent for the full year and it's only today that we've reassessed that we did not reassess that back at the beginning of March we reassess that today and what we're factoring in is the higher step-off the higher level deposits with us generally and the the fewer rate cuts that we're expecting from from central banks around the world and so that's what gets us to a better full-year guide on n i i if I then turn to the equity market question how it factors through servicing fees we need to be we need to go through it in in in pieces and so let me let me start first what matters to us is not just the s and p equity index because we're global right more than 40 percent of our revenues are broad including an emerging market and while the s and p is up year on year 28 percent the all-world index is up only 18 percent and that's what's more material to our financial statements given the the international and global footprint that we have um with that 18 percent we'd expect you know the substantial tailwind of servicing fees on a year on your basis and the you know up four to five percent range typically but it tends to move around as you said sometimes there's a bit of timing there sometimes there's a bit of mix there and so forth what we did see that was a headwind to that this year were two things one was the previously announced client transition and that was worth about two points of servicing fee headwinds and then we've continued to see um a a lower or describe different level of client activity that was worth uh almost two percentage points of headwind this year uh some of which we think is cyclical some of that is transactional activity that we've talked about that we uh tend to get paid for on a on a unit basis uh through our fee schedules and then uh this quarter we also referenced the shift to client uh cash and clash equivalence within the AUCA stack which tends to come in at a much lower fee rate for custody and accounting services uh and so those were the you know the pieces that uh that that went against us and just one follow up just uh you said more than expected deposits why was that i think the more than expected deposits is really driven by uh two factors one is that uh there tends to be a more cash in the system in the banking system today we think that's a mix of central bank actions in particular uh in the US a you know the reduction in the overnight repo operation at the Fed's running uh that comes back in a way into our clients or into the banking system uh and that's been a uh i think that that's that's generally improved liquidity conditions are added to what is our very liquid conditions have made them even more liquid and then the second factor uh to be honest is over the last year and a half two years we've been very engaged and I'd say increasingly engaged with clients on uh where they put their cash you know they put their cash uh with us uh in deposits in repo in money market in money market squeeze because every one of those areas we uh you know we we offer services uh uh to our client and I think what we've done over time is sharpened our engagement with our clients and that's resulted in more uh cash and deposits with us uh in a way that we find is you know healthy obviously for our balance sheet we're always delighted to keep cash but also uh helps with uh with earnings and margin uh and uh economically thank you thank you next question will be from Rajiv Bhattia at Morningstar please go ahead great good morning uh can you comment on how the pricing environment is for your servicing business you know it's inflation remained higher for longer it should be expect lower pricing headwind and then as I understand it about 60% of your service increase is asset-based how do pricing headwind compare in the asset-based bucket versus the non asset-based bucket thanks you know it's a it's a broad question we've we've been in in a environment I think last uh for four four years or so where we've seen uh you know pricing headwinds in the servicing business to be you know roughly in the you know two percent headwind level and that's kind of now that'll float around the bit by quarter uh it'll float around on the margin a little bit by year but it's it's substantially below you know what we had seen way back in 2019 uh which was I'll describe a bubble of uh of repricing I described it that way because uh you know during this time we've seen to your point very you know uh accentuated rise in inflation we've now seen a you know a partial reduction in in inflation and that's not really had a larger substantial effect to our general fee rates or our or servicing fees and so it's been uh I think it's it's not particularly determinative of that in terms of our fee schedules you're right the fee schedules have several components they've asset-based there there's an asset under custody basis for some of the fees which is about half there are some transactional fees there are just some flat fees there are some per account fees and those usually end up being negotiated as a package it's not that you know when there's a uh when when we have negotiations that one particular part of that package is it's uh uh it's it's pretty very differently you know we have large sophisticated clients they think of it as a package and to be honest they're looking for you know a fair uh uh set of uh uh a fair amount of fees so that uh as a partnership which lasts often 10, 15, 20, in some cases 34 years right uh that they feel they're getting value and that they feel that we as a custodian you know can deliver on what uh what their expectations are and so it comes to be uh you know a reasonable accommodation uh I think in our minds and their minds. Got it thanks. Thank you. Next question will be from Ken. Is it an act of freeze? Please go ahead Ken. Thanks Ronner. Sorry for that earlier um just one follow up on the just the servicing fee algorithm so with all the commentary you've made and you show us the good detail about the business wins and the fees to come on and we know about the headwinds some cyclical some due to the deconversion. Do you have a line of sight when we can really start to see that back office line start to move up in a positive way um and I know we have to consider the middle office and the whole front office kit as a as a as a together thing but that's still the biggest line and that's still kind of flatish on a year-rear basis with all the things we talked about but is there any path forward where you can kind of see some of those you know headwinds abating and some of the growth starting to come on and transitions that we can see a better growth rate overall. Thanks. Ken what do I start here that you know the transition I know it feels like it's been going on forever but you know that that will basically abate the effect of that will will go away more or less go away next year assuming no other changes on the on the client side so you know a headwind goes to zero. Secondly and perhaps more importantly you've seen you saw the sales performance last year you're seeing the sales performance this year that's building up the to be installed business that still remains you know very very high for us um part of it is um complicated kinds of alpha clients that um that they will install they are installing you know they typically tend to install in waves and tranches so we'll make progress against that but I would note from sales performance last year and it continued in quarter um there's a fair amount of back office in some of these recent sales which just installs faster um and so quite optimistic about um about the opportunities here in P-revenue growth particularly servicing P-revenue growth as you overcome headwinds but more importantly uh start to reap the benefits of what we sold in alpha what we sold in back office and get those installed and can it sir I would just add that the you know we've had these client activity headwinds that we describe which is the mix of a risk off uh um sentiment which is led to lower transactions on uh you know through the custodial accounts and then we've described this shift towards uh a cash mix right uh we we don't see those you know just continuing you know at the same pace we see that as uh somewhat cyclical uh you'd expect of uh I don't think we generally expect much more cash to be on hand with clients you know there are I think there's a case we made that cash levels of clients should actually start to get deployed over the next year and could even uh be a uh uh uh neutral or a possible uh tailwind so I think we've been going through a bit of a of a of a cyclical phase here on those environmental and uh uh activity type uh and mix headwinds uh and I think without those you know you could uh then see through to some of what Ron described around sales installation uh and uh you know the underlying uh growth uh uh of the franchise okay and thank you for all that and one follow up then is also we can see the winds and what you put on and the yet to be installed to Ron's point can you just talk about just the pipeline is the pipeline um continuing to strengthen is it is it consistent have you now put more of that pipeline through where are we standing that yeah Ken I mean I think uh what you should have heard from us today is that we you know we we have a uh sales target uh that we talked about in January we're standing by that sales target that's uh significantly up from last year which was significantly up from the year before so um I mean you get there because of the pipeline so we're we're we're encouraged by our pipeline okay great thank you thank you and at this time I would like to turn the call back over to Ron for closing remarks well thanks to all of you on the call for joining us thank you ladies and gentlemen this does indeed conclude your conference call for today once again thank you for attending and at this time we do ask that you please disconnect your lines"